Okay, okay.
Come and call Dad
Shout a little louder
Maybe I'll slap you a little bit later
Long Jingtian's ten slaps are not allowed to be less than one
5 million to
Sign for Mr. Long
You are Long Shuai's personal guard
Long Tianlong Guard
I didn't know you were there
superfluous neglect
Please also apologize
You are no more than a hundred
Coins are in. I'm just here to deliver 5 million cash
5 million cash
Mr. Long, do you have any other followers?
Ye Suifeng Chu Shaxiao
5 million I've got it
You lost the bet
You should be willing to admit defeat
We didn't lose
Tell us to use your own money
Instead of using Longzhai's money
We didn't lose
You are trying to cheat
Dragon tiger tail seems
The Yan family thinks that Long Shuai's money is very embarrassing